Blokish.

Android game. Open-source implementation of the popular board game Blokus.

v1.1

May install directly from Android Market, searching for 'blokish'.

Source available at : https://github.com/scoutant/blokish

Under licence LGP v3.

A board with 20 * 20 squares.	
4 players having each 21 pieces : 1 single-square, 1 domino, 2 triominos, 5 tetraminos and 12 pentaminos	 		
"As player, I shall place on the board most of my pieces." 	 		
"For first round, I must place a piece so that it touches one of the corners of the board."	 		
Next, a piece must be placed so that it touches a corner of one of my own pieces. It may touch several corners, but never any side of my pieces!"	 		

"If a cannot place any more piece I pass my turn."	 		
The end of the game is reached when every player passes.	 		
"My score is : addition of all the squares of the pieces I placed"	 		
		
How to play with Blokish Android app :

Scroll through your remaining piece with you finger from left to right	 		
Select an drag a piece onto the board. You can now drag it around easily putting the finger on the grey circle	 		
Rotate the piece using one the handles	 		
You can flip the piece to its mirror position : with a long press on the piece
You can cancel with the red button. It will replace the piece in your store.	 		
When the move is valid a green 'ok' button appears. You can commit the move by clicking it!

Changelog :

1.2, 2011/06 :
- Added capability to flip a piece to it's mirror position using the menu. As before, can also be done with a long-press gesture directly onto the piece.
The menu alternative may be useful for large devices like tablets where long-press may conflict with DnD gesture... 

1.1, 2011/05 :
- Added capability to disconnect AI, for human play only. AI can be enable/disabled at any time during the game.
- Added haptic feedback when dropping piece that is valid
- Gracefully adapting AI level to CPU capabilities.
- Refactored AI with initial seeds sort before looping around the best seeds. 

1.0, 2011/05 : 
- Added additional AI level
- Fix for small screens : gracefully adapting the bottom pieces stores to be single-line
- Fix bug : I2 and I4 moves happened not to be displayed as valid at the very border (according to orientation). 

0.5, 2011/05
First release
